Stop using my dad to pressure me
This land is a prime location for Poseidon
Demolition and reform
At least it can bring us home
Billions in revenue.
I'll take it apart today
Zhang Li
Hello, do you want to buy fish?
I go to the manager
You're blind, aren't you?
I chased you like a dog
You don't agree
Now I'm going to degenerate and find a stinky fish seller
Cheap is not cheap so like a willow
You have the nerve to say things about the past
I'm not Su Yaruo
Take the money and smash it with your car
And
My Husband
He is better than you
The women who are with you because of money
Is the next life
Oh.
In this way, you fucking treat me like a noble man, right?
Old Song
Pawn these three for me
Mr. Yu smiles, why doesn't this fish stall move?
What's the matter, bro?
We feed the whole market.
Here I am God
Certainly.
If you can get a room with me now
Serve Lao Tzu and choose
I will allow you to continue performing here
How's it going?